fix broken links in user guide & improve formatting (#169)
AY1920S2-CS2103T-W12-4/main: docs/UserGuide.adoc

By: `AY1920S2-CS2103T-W12-4`      Since: `Feb 2020`      Licence: `MIT`

== Introduction

> This user guide provides documentation on CookBuddy such as a quick start guide and an overview of its features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This user guide provides a documentation on CookBuddy such as a quick start guide and an overview of its features.
```

Author: no that's incorrect grammar.

Reviewer: oh my bad

*CookBuddy* is for users who prefer a desktop application for managing recipes.
More importantly, *CookBuddy* is optimized for those who prefer to work with a Command Line Interface (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI).

> If you are a fast typist, *CookBuddy* can manage your recipes faster than applications that use a GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a fast typist, *CookBuddy* can manage your recipes faster than applications than a traditional GUI.
```

Author: it was that before, but i changed it since there's no such thing as a "traditional" GUI haha

Reviewer: true that!

Interested?
Proceed to <<Quick Start>> to get started!

=== How to navigate this User Guide

Throughout this guide, you may come across a few symbols.
They are used to draw your attention to important or note-worthy information.

> Here are the symbols this User Guide uses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the symbols used in this User Guide:
```
